---
title: About Us
description: Welcome to the Lodge, Hunter!
---

Hunters Lodge in this form got started at the start of 2025, but we had already been known in the community and connecting hunters on Twitch a few years prior to that. The idea is simple: have a trophy leaderboard that you can scroll through and spot people you have either watched or interacted with across many different Twitch chats. That's the basics of it.

Displaying Twitch usernames instead of PSN is not the only thing that sets us apart from the other trophy leaderboards out there, though. We also take a few liberties on how we determine trophy values, so please don't expect your position to be up there just because you have a lot of platinum trophies. It's a bit more complicated than that.

## How are the trophy values determined?

There are two key factors that determine the value of a trophy:

- **Unlock rates on PSN.** We use the PSN unlock rates to set the base values for trophies. So if we have a bronze trophy with a 4.9% unlock rate and a 50.1% average unlock rate for the game it belongs to on PSN, the base value for it in our system would be 7.12 points ((15 - 4.9%) - 50.1%). Trophies in games with 50% or lower average unlock rates lose their values slower.
- **How many times a trophy has been earned in the Lodge.** We use something we like to call "true rarity," where instead of comparing the times a trophy has been earned to how many times a game has been started, we compare the times a trophy has been earned to the number of hunters in the Lodge and set the ratio multiplier based on that. So if we have 100 hunters in our system and a trophy with a base value of 7.12 has been earned 5 times in the Lodge, its final value will be 142.4 ((100 / 5) \* 7.12). If you are the 6th person to earn it, you will lower the value to 118.7 for everyone who has earned it, including you.

## How can I report an issue or suggest a change?

You can either do that in our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/QYNsXnMMnA){:target="\_blank"}, by posting your issue in the issues channel or use one of the specific chats on [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/estoforshort){:target="\_blank"} for priority support.

## How can I support the project?

Hunters Lodge is a community project and will never try to sell you any premium features or target you with ads. If you wish to provide monetary support to the project, you can do so on [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/estoforshort){:target="\_blank"}. If you are a web developer and wish to give your time to the project, then the project's repository can be found over at [GitHub](https://github.com/estoforshort/hunterslodge.app){:target="\_blank"}.

## How can I contact you directly?

If there's no other direct communication line open between us, feel free to email me at <esto@hunterslodge.app>.
