---
title: Privacy Policy
description: Last updated December 17, 2024
---

This policy for Hunters Lodge ("**we**", "**us**" or "**our**"), describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share ("**process**") your information when you use our services ("**Services**"), such as when you:

- Visit our web application at [hunterslodge.app](https://hunterslodge.app)
- Engage with us in any other related ways

**Questions or concerns?** Reading this policy will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please email us at <esto@hunterslodge.app>.

## Summary of Key Points

This summary provides key points from our privacy policy, but you can find out more details about any of these topics by clicking the link following each key point or by using our table of contents to find the section you are looking for.

**What personal information do we process?**

When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal information depending on how you interact with us and our Services, the choices you make, and features you use. Learn more about [personal information we collect](/docs/getting-started/privacy#_1-what-information-do-we-collect).

**Do we process any sensitive personal information?**

We do not process sensitive personal information.

**How do we process your information?**

We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so. Learn more about [how we process your information](/docs/getting-started/privacy#_2-how-do-we-process-your-information).

**In what situations and with which parties do we share personal information?**

We may share information in specific situations and with specific third parties. Learn more about [when and with whom we share your personal information](/docs/getting-started/privacy#_4-when-and-with-whom-do-we-share-your-personal-information).

**How do we keep your information safe?**

We have organizational and technical processes and procedures in place to protect your personal information. However, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Learn more about [how we keep your information safe](/docs/getting-started/privacy#_8-how-do-we-keep-your-information-safe).

**What are your rights?**

Depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you have certain rights regarding your personal information. Learn more about [your privacy rights](/docs/getting-started/privacy#_9-what-are-your-privacy-rights).

**How do you exercise your rights?**

The easiest way to exercise your rights is by emailing us at <esto@hunterslodge.app>. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.

## 1. What information do we collect?

**In Short:** We collect personal information that you provide to us.

We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when using our Services, express an interest in obtaining information about us or our Services, when you participate in activities on our Services, or otherwise when you contact us.

**Personal Information Provided by You**

The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the features you use.

**Sensitive Information**

We do not process any sensitive information.

**Information from Third-Parties**

We may provide you with the option to authenticate and/or verify yourself with us using your existing third-party account provider, like your Twitch, PlayStation Network, or other providers. If you choose to use any of those options, we will collect certain profile information about you from the account provider, as described in the section called "[How do we handle your third-party account information?](/docs/getting-started/privacy#_6-how-do-we-handle-your-third-party-account-information)" below.

All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.

## 2. How do we process your information?

**In Short:** We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent.

We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services, including:

- **To facilitate account creation and authentication and otherwise manage user accounts.** We may process your information so you can create and log in to your account, as well as keep your account in working order.
- **To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user.** We may process your information to provide you with the requested service.
- **To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users.** We may process your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the requested service.
- **To send administrative information to you.** We may process your information to send you details about our products and services, changes to our terms and policies, and other similar information.
- **To request feedback.** We may process your information when necessary to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Services.
- **To protect our Services.** We may process your information as part of our efforts to keep our Services safe and secure, including fraud monitoring and prevention.
- **To identify usage trends.** We may process information about how you use our Services to better understand how they are being used so we can improve them.
- **To save or protect an individual's vital interest.** We may process your information when necessary to save or protect an individual’s vital interest, such as to prevent harm.

## 3. What legal bases do we rely on to process your information?

**In Short:** We only process your personal information when we believe it is necessary and we have a valid legal reason (i.e., legal basis) to do so under applicable law, like with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services to enter into or fulfill our contractual obligations, to protect your rights, or to fulfill our legitimate operation interests.

**If you are located in the EU or UK, this section applies to you.**

The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR require us to explain the valid legal bases we rely on in order to process your personal information. As such, we may rely on the following legal bases to process your personal information:

- **Consent.** We may process your information if you have given us permission (i.e., consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Learn more about [withdrawing your consent](/docs/getting-started/privacy#withdrawing-your-consent).
- **Performance of a Contract.** We may process your personal information when we believe it is necessary to fulfill our contractual obligations to you, including providing our Services or at your request prior to entering into a contract with you.
- **Legitimate Interests.** We may process your information when we believe it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate operational interests and those interests do not outweigh your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms. For example, we may process your personal information for some of the purposes described in order to:
  - Analyze how our Services are used so we can improve them to engage and retain users
  - Diagnose problems and/or prevent fraudulent activities
  - Understand how our users use our services so we can improve user experience
- **Legal Obligations.** We may process your information where we believe it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations, such as to cooperate with a law enforcement body or regulatory agency, exercise or defend our legal rights, or disclose your information as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
- **Vital Interests.** We may process your information where we believe it is necessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of a third party, such as situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person.

**If you are located in Canada, this section applies to you.**

We may process your information if you have given us specific permission (i.e., express consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose, or in situations where your permission can be inferred (i.e., implied consent). You can [withdraw your consent](/docs/getting-started/privacy#withdrawing-your-consent) at any time.

In some exceptional cases, we may be legally permitted under applicable law to process your information without your consent, including, for example:

- If collection is clearly in the interests of an individual and consent cannot be obtained in a timely way
- For investigations and fraud detection and prevention
- If it is contained in a witness statement and the collection is necessary to assess, process, or settle an insurance claim
- For identifying injured, ill, or deceased persons and communicating with next of kin
- If we have reasonable grounds to believe an individual has been, is, or may be victim of financial abuse
- If it is reasonable to expect collection and use with consent would compromise the availability or the accuracy of the information and the collection is reasonable for purposes related to investigating a breach of an agreement or a contravention of the laws of Canada or a province
- If disclosure is required to comply with a subpoena, warrant, court order, or rules of the court relating to the production of records
- If it was produced by an individual in the course of their employment, business, or profession and the collection is consistent with the purposes for which the information was produced
- If the collection is solely for journalistic, artistic, or literary purposes
- If the information is publicly available and is specified by the regulations

## 4. When and with whom do we share your personal information?

**In Short:** We may share information in specific situations described in this section and/or with the following third parties.

We may need to share your personal information in the following situations:

- **Operation Transfers.** We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of our assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our operations to another entity.
- **Other Users.** When you share personal information (for example, by posting comments, contributions, or other content to the Services) or otherwise interact with public areas of the Services, such personal information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly made available outside the Services in perpetuity.

## 5. Do we use cookies and other tracking technologies?

**In Short:** We only use cookies that are required for our app to operate.

Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse cookies is set out in our [Cookie Policy](/docs/getting-started/cookies).

## 6. How do we handle your third-party account information?

**In Short:** If you choose to authenticate and/or verify yourself in our Services using a third-party account provider, we may have access to certain information about you.

Our Services offer you the ability to authenticate and/or verify yourself using your account details from a third-party account providers. Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from the account provider. The profile information we receive may vary depending on the provider concerned, but will often include username, profile picture, as well as other information you choose to make public on such a provider.

**We do not request and store email addresses or any other private and/or sensitive information from third-party providers.**

We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this policy or that are otherwise made clear to you on the relevant Services. Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your third-party account provider. We recommend that you review their privacy policy to understand how they collect, use, and share your personal information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.

## 7. How long do we keep your information?

**In Short:** We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy unless otherwise required by law.

We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of time in which users have an account with us.

When we have no ongoing legitimate operational need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.

## 8. How do we keep your information safe?

**In Short:** We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.

We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers. cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the Services within a secure environment.

## 9. What are your privacy rights?

**In Short:** Depending on your state of residence in the US or in some regions, such as the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), Switzerland, and Canada, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time, depending on your country, province, or state of residence.

In some regions (like the EEA, UK, Switzerland, and Canada), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; (iv) if applicable, to data portability; and (v) not to be subject to automated decision-making. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. You can make such a request by emailing us at <esto@hunterslodge.app>.

We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.

If you are located in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your [Member State data protection authority](https://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/items/612080) or [UK data protection authority](https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/data-protection-complaints/data-protection-complaints/).

If you are located in Switzerland, you may contact the [Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner](https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html).

### Withdrawing Your Consent

If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, which may be express and/or implied consent depending on the applicable law, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing us at <esto@hunterslodge.app>.

However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal nor, when applicable law allows, will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.

### Account Information

If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can log in to your account settings and update your user account.

Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our legal terms and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.

### Cookies and Similar Technologies

Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Services. For further information, please see our [Cookie Policy](/docs/getting-started/cookies).

## 10. Do we respond to Do-Not-Track signals?

Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track ("**DNT**") feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage, no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this policy.

California law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser DNT signals. Because there currently is not an industry or legal standard for recognizing or honoring DNT signals, we do not respond to them at this time.

## 11. Do United States residents have specific privacy rights?

**In Short:** If you are a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Montana, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, or Virginia, you may have the right to request access to and receive details about the personal information we maintain about you and how we have processed it, correct inaccuracies, get a copy of, or delete your personal information. You may also have the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information. These rights may be limited in some circumstances by applicable law. More information is provided below.

### Categories of Personal Information We Collect

Personal information we have collected in the past twelve (12) months:

- **Identifiers:** YES
- **Personal information as defined in the California Customer Records statute:** NO
- **Protected classification characteristics under state or federal law:** NO
- **Commercial information:** NO
- **Biometric information:** NO
- **Internet or other similar network activity:** YES
- **Geolocation data:** NO
- **Audio, electronic, sensory, or similar information:** YES
- **Professional or employment-related information:** NO
- **Education Information:** NO
- **Inferences drawn from collected personal information:** YES
- **Sensitive personal information:** NO

We may also collect other personal information outside of these categories through instances where you interact with us in person, online, or by email in the context of:

- Receiving help through our customer support channels;
- Participation in customer surveys or contests; and
- Facilitation in the delivery of our Services and to respond to your inquiries.

We will use and retain the collected personal information as needed to provide the Services.

### Sources of Personal Information

Learn more about the sources of personal information we collect in the section, "[Information we Collect](/docs/getting-started/privacy#_1-information-we-collect)".

### How We Use and Share Personal Information

Learn about how we use your personal information in the section, "[How do we process your information?](/docs/getting-started/privacy#_2-how-do-we-process-your-information)".

#### Will your information be shared with anyone else?

Learn more about how we disclose personal information to in the section, "[When and with whom do we share your personal information?](/docs/getting-started/privacy#_4-when-and-with-whom-do-we-share-your-personal-information)".

We may use your personal information for our own operational purposes, such as for undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration. This is not considered to be "selling" of your personal information.

We have not disclosed, sold, or shared any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months. We will not sell or share personal information in the future belonging to app visitors, users, and other consumers.

### Your Rights

You have rights under certain US state data protection laws. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases, we may decline your request as permitted by law. These rights include:

- **Right to know** whether or not we are processing your personal data
- **Right to access** your personal data
- **Right to correct** inaccuracies in your personal data
- **Right to request** the deletion of your personal data
- **Right to obtain a copy** of the personal data you previously shared with us
- **Right to non-discrimination** for exercising your rights
- **Right to opt out** of the processing of your personal data if it is used for targeted advertising (or sharing as defined under California’s privacy law), the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects ("**profiling**")

Depending upon the state where you live, you may also have the following rights:

- **Right to obtain a list** of the categories of third parties to which we have disclosed personal data (as permitted by applicable law, including California's and Delaware's privacy law)
- **Right to obtain a list** of specific third parties to which we have disclosed personal data (as permitted by applicable law, including Oregon’s privacy law)
- **Right to limit** use and disclosure of sensitive personal data (as permitted by applicable law, including California’s privacy law)
- **Right to opt out** of the collection of sensitive data and personal data collected through the operation of a voice or facial recognition feature (as permitted by applicable law, including Florida’s privacy law)

### How to Exercise Your Rights

To exercise these rights, you can email us at <esto@hunterslodge.app>.

Under certain US state data protection laws, you can designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. We may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf in accordance with applicable laws.

### Request Verification

Upon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identity to determine you are the same person about whom we have the information in our system. We will only use personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request. However, if we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request that you provide additional information for the purposes of verifying your identity and for security or fraud-prevention purposes.

If you submit the request through an authorized agent, we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity before processing your request and the agent will need to provide a written and signed permission from you to submit such request on your behalf.

### Appeals

Under certain US state data protection laws, if we decline to take action regarding your request, you may appeal our decision by emailing us at <esto@hunterslodge.app>. We will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general.

### California "Shine The Light" Law

California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please email us at <esto@hunterslodge.app>.

## 12. Do other regions have specific privacy rights?

**In Short:** You may have additional rights based on the country you reside in.

### Australia and New Zealand

We collect and process your personal information under the obligations and conditions set by Australia's Privacy Act 1988 and New Zealand's Privacy Act 2020 (Privacy Act).

This privacy policy satisfies the policy requirements defined in both Privacy Acts, in particular: what personal information we collect from you, from which sources, for which purposes, and other recipients of your personal information.

If you do not wish to provide the personal information necessary to fulfill their applicable purpose, it may affect our ability to provide our services, in particular:

- offer you the products or services that you want
- respond to or help with your requests
- manage your account with us
- confirm your identity and protect your account

At any time, you have the right to request access to or correction of your personal information. You can make such a request by contacting us by email at <esto@hunterslodge.app>.

If you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you have the right to submit a complaint about a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles to the [Office of the Australian Information Commissioner](https://www.oaic.gov.au/privacy/privacy-complaints/lodge-a-privacy-complaint-with-us) and a breach of New Zealand's Privacy Principles to the [Office of New Zealand Privacy Commissioner](https://www.privacy.org.nz/your-rights/making-a-complaint/).

### Republic of South Africa

At any time, you have the right to request access to or correction of your personal information. You can make such a request by contacting us by email at <esto@hunterslodge.app>.

If you are unsatisfied with the manner in which we address any complaint with regard to our processing of personal information, you can contact the office of the regulator, the details of which are:

- [The Information Regulator (South Africa)](https://inforegulator.org.za/)
  - **General enquiries:** <enquiries@inforegulator.org.za>
  - **Complaints (complete POPIA/PAIA form 5):** <PAIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za> & <POPIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za>

## 13. Do you make updates to this policy?

**In Short:** Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.

We may update this policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated date at the top of this policy. If we make material changes to this policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.

## 14. How can you contact us about this policy?

If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at <esto@hunterslodge.app>.

## 15. How can you review, update, or delete the data we collect from you?

Based on the applicable laws of your country or state of residence in the US, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, details about how we have processed it, correct inaccuracies, or delete your personal information. You may also have the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information. These rights may be limited in some circumstances by applicable law. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please email us at <esto@hunterslodge.app>.
