---
title: Cookie Policy
description: Last updated December 17, 2024
---

This policy explains how Hunters Lodge ("**we**", "**us**", and "**our**") uses cookies and similar technologies to recognize you when you visit our web application at [hunterslodge.app](https://hunterslodge.app) ("**app**"). It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them. In some cases we may use cookies to collect personal information, or that becomes personal information if we combine it with other information.

## What are cookies?

Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a web application. Cookies are widely used by web application owners in order to make their web applications work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information. Cookies set by the web application owner are called "first-party cookies." Cookies set by parties other than the web application owner are called "third-party cookies." Third-party cookies enable third-party features or functionality to be provided on or through the web application (e.g., advertising, interactive content, and analytics). The parties that set these third-party cookies can recognize your computer or mobile device both when it visits the web application in question and also when it visits certain other web applications.

## Why do we use cookies?

We only use first- and third-party cookies that are required for our app to operate.

## How can I control cookies?

You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies. As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser to browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information. The following is information about how to manage cookies on the most popular browsers:

- [Chrome](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647#zippy=%2Callow-or-block-cookies)
- [Firefox](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enhanced-tracking-protection-firefox-desktop?redirectslug=enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences&redirectlocale=en-US)
- [Safari](https://support.apple.com/en-ie/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac)
- [Edge](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/microsoft-edge-browsing-data-and-privacy-bb8174ba-9d73-dcf2-9b4a-c582b4e640dd)
- [Opera](https://help.opera.com/en/latest/web-preferences/#cookies)

If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our app though your access to some functionality and areas of our app may be restricted.

## Do you serve targeted advertising?

We do not server targeted advertising.

## How often will you update this policy?

We may update this policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. Please therefore revisit this policy regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.

The date at the top of this policy indicates when it was last updated.

## Where can I get further information?

If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, you may email us at <esto@hunterslodge.app>.
