---
title: Terms of Service
description: Last updated December 17, 2024
---

We are Hunters Lodge ("**we**", "**us**" or "**our**"), a PlayStation trophy hunting community owned and operated by the Twitch streamer [EstoForShot](https://www.twitch.tv/estoforshort). We operate the web application at [hunterslodge.app](https://hunterslodge.app) (the "**App**"), as well as any other related products and services that refer or link to these terms of service (the "**Terms**") (collectively, the "**Services**").

You can contact us by email at <esto@hunterslodge.app>.

These Terms constitute a legally binding agreement made between you, whether personally or on behalf of an entity ("**you**"), and us, concerning your access to and use of our Services. You agree that by accessing our Services, you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by all of these Terms.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THESE TERMS, THEN YOU ARE EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED FROM USING OUR SERVICES AND YOU MUST DISCONTINUE USE IMMEDIATELY.

Supplemental terms and conditions or documents that may be posted on our Services from time to time are hereby expressly incorporated herein by reference. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to make changes or modifications to these Terms from time to time. We will alert you about any changes by updating the "Last updated" date of these Terms, and you waive any right to receive specific notice of each such change. It is your responsibility to periodically review these Terms to stay informed of updates. You will be subject to, and will be deemed to have been made aware of and to have accepted, the changes in any revised Terms by your continued use of our Services after the date such revised Terms are posted.

Our Services are intended for users who are at least 13 years of age. All users who are minors in the jurisdiction in which they reside (generally under the age of 18) must have the permission of, and be directly supervised by, their parent or guardian to use our Services. If you are a minor, you must have your parent or guardian read and agree to these Terms prior to you using our Services.

We recommend that you print a copy of these Terms for your records.

## 1. Our Services

The information provided when using our Services is not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject us to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. Accordingly, those persons who choose to access our Services from other locations do so on their own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.

Our Services are not tailored to comply with industry-specific regulations (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA), etc.), so if your interactions would be subjected to such laws, you may not use our Services. You may not use our Services in a way that would violate the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA).

## 2. Intellectual Property Rights

### Our Intellectual Property

We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our Services, including all source code, databases, functionality, software, designs, audio, video, text, photographs, and graphics in our Services (collectively, the "**Content**").

Our Content is protected by copyright laws (and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws) and treaties in the United States and around the world.

The Content is provided in or through our Services "**AS IS**" for your personal, non-commercial use only.

### Your Use of Our Services

Subject to your compliance with these Terms, including the "[Prohibited Activities](/docs/getting-started/tos#_5-prohibited-activities)" section below, we grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to:

- access our Services; and
- download or print a copy of any portion of the Content to which you have properly gained access

solely for your personal, non-commercial use.

Except as set out in this section or elsewhere in our Terms, no part of our Services and no Content may be copied, reproduced, aggregated, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted, distributed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose whatsoever, without our express prior written permission.

If you wish to make any use of our Services or Content other than as set out in this section or elsewhere in our Terms, please address your request to <esto@hunterslodge.app>. If we ever grant you the permission to post, reproduce, or publicly display any part of our Services or Content, you must identify us as the owners or licensors of our Services or Content and ensure that any copyright or proprietary notice appears or is visible on posting, reproducing, or displaying our Content.

We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you in and to our Services and Content.

Any breach of these Intellectual Property Rights will constitute a material breach of our Terms and your right to use our Services will terminate immediately.

### Your Submissions and Contributions

Please review this section and the "[Prohibited Activities](/docs/getting-started/tos#_5-prohibited-activities)" section carefully prior to using our Services to understand the (a) rights you give us and (b) obligations you have when you post or upload any content through our Services.

**Submissions:** By directly sending us any question, comment, suggestion, idea, feedback, or other information about our Services ("**Submissions**"), you agree to assign to us all intellectual property rights in such Submission. You agree that we shall own this Submission and be entitled to its unrestricted use and dissemination for any lawful purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.

**Contributions:** Our Services may invite you to chat, contribute to, or participate in blogs, comment sections, and other functionality during which you may create, submit, post, display, transmit, publish, distribute, or broadcast content and materials to us or through our Services, including but not limited to text, writings, video, audio, photographs, music, graphics, comments, reviews, personal information, or other material ("**Contributions**"). Any Submission that is publicly posted shall also be treated as a Contribution.

You understand that Contributions may be viewable by other users of our Services and possibly through third-party websites.

**When you post Contributions, you grant us a license:** By posting any Contributions, you grant us an unrestricted, unlimited, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free, fully-paid, worldwide right, and license to host, use, copy, reproduce, disclose, publish, broadcast, retitle, archive, store, cache, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate, transmit, excerpt (in whole or in part), and distribute such Contributions for any purpose, and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such Contributions, and grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. The use and distribution may occur in any media formats and through any media channels.

This license includes our use of your name, company name, and franchise name, as applicable, and any of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and personal and commercial images you provide.

**You are responsible for what you post or upload:** By sending us Submissions and/or posting Contributions through any part of our Services or making Contributions accessible through our Services by linking your account through our Services to any of your third-party accounts, you:

- confirm that you have read and agree with our "[Prohibited Activities](/docs/getting-started/tos#_5-prohibited-activities)" and will not post, send, publish, upload, or transmit through our Services any Submission nor post any Contribution that is illegal, harassing, hateful, harmful, defamatory, obscene, bullying, abusive, discriminatory, threatening to any person or group, sexually explicit, false, inaccurate, deceitful, or misleading;
- to the extent permissible by applicable law, waive any and all moral rights to any such Submission and/or Contribution;
- warrant that any such Submission and/or Contributions are original to you or that you have the necessary rights and licenses to submit such Submissions and/or Contributions and that you have full authority to grant us the above-mentioned rights in relation to your Submissions and/or Contributions; and
- warrant and represent that your Submissions and/or Contributions do not constitute confidential information.

You are solely responsible for your Submissions and/or Contributions and you expressly agree to reimburse us for any and all losses that we may suffer because of your breach of (a) this section, (b) any third party’s intellectual property rights, or (c) applicable law.

We may remove or edit your Content: Although we have no obligation to monitor any Contributions, we shall have the right to remove or edit any Contributions at any time without notice if in our reasonable opinion we consider such Contributions harmful or in breach of these Terms. If we remove or edit any such Contributions, we may also suspend or disable your account and report you to the authorities.

## 3. User Representations

By using our Services, you represent and warrant that:

- all registration information you submit will be true, accurate, current, and complete;
- you will maintain the accuracy of such information and promptly update such registration information as necessary;
- you have the legal capacity and you agree to comply with these Terms;
- you are not under the age of 13;
- you are not a minor in the jurisdiction in which you reside, or if a minor, you have received parental permission to use our Services;
- you will not access our Services through automated or non-human means, whether through a bot, script or otherwise;
- you will not use our Services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose; and
- your use of our Services will not violate any applicable law or regulation.

If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of our Services (or any portion thereof).

## 4. User Authentication

You may be required to authenticate yourself with a third-pary account to use our Services or parts of it.

## 5. Prohibited Activities

You may not access or use our Services for any purpose other than that for which we make our Services available. Our Services may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically endorsed or approved by us.

As a user of our Services, you agree not to:

- Systematically retrieve data or other content from our Services to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database, or directory without written permission from us.
- Trick, defraud, or mislead us and other users, especially in any attempt to learn sensitive account information.
- Circumvent, disable, or otherwise interfere with security-related features of our Services, including features that prevent or restrict the use or copying of any Content or enforce limitations on the use of our Services and/or our Content contained therein.
- Disparage, tarnish, or otherwise harm, in our opinion, us and/or our Services.
- Use any information obtained from our Services in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person.
- Make improper use of our support services or submit false reports of abuse or misconduct.
- Use our Services in a manner inconsistent with any applicable laws or regulations.
- Engage in unauthorized framing of or linking to our Services.
- Upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) viruses, Trojan horses, or other material, including excessive use of capital letters and spamming (continuous posting of repetitive text), that interferes with any party’s uninterrupted use and enjoyment of our Services or modifies, impairs, disrupts, alters, or interferes with the use, features, functions, operation, or maintenance of our Services.
- Engage in any automated use of the system, such as using scripts to send comments or messages, or using any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.
- Delete the copyright or other proprietary rights notice from any Content.
- Attempt to impersonate another user or person or use the username of another user.
- Upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) any material that acts as a passive or active information collection or transmission mechanism, including without limitation, clear graphics interchange formats ("gifs"), 1×1 pixels, web bugs, cookies, or other similar devices (sometimes referred to as "spyware" or "passive collection mechanisms" or "pcms").
- Interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on our Services or the networks or services connected to our Services.
- Harass, annoy, intimidate, or threaten anyone engaged in providing any portion of our Services to you.
- Attempt to bypass any measures of our Services designed to prevent or restrict access to our Services, or any portion of our Services.
- Copy or adapt our Services' software, including but not limited to HTML, JavaScript, or other code.
- Except as permitted by applicable law, decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of our Services.
- Except as may be the result of standard search engine or Internet browser usage, use, launch, develop, or distribute any automated system, including without limitation, any spider, robot, cheat utility, scraper, or offline reader that accesses our Services, or use or launch any unauthorized script or other software.
- Make any unauthorized use of our Services.
- Use our Services as part of any effort to compete with us or otherwise use our Services and/or our Content for any revenue-generating endeavor or commercial enterprise.

## 6. User Generated Contributions

Our Services may invite you to chat, contribute to, or participate in blogs, comment sections, and other functionality, and may provide you with the opportunity to create, submit, post, display, transmit, perform, publish, distribute, or broadcast content and materials to us or on our Services, including but not limited to text, writings, video, audio, photographs, graphics, comments, suggestions, or personal information or other material (collectively, "**Contributions**"). Contributions may be viewable by other users of our Services and through third-party websites. As such, any Contributions you transmit may be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. When you create or make available any Contributions, you thereby represent and warrant that:

- The creation, distribution, transmission, public display, or performance, and the accessing, downloading, or copying of your Contributions do not and will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or moral rights of any third party.
- You are the creator and owner of or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, releases, and permissions to use and to authorize us, our Services, and other users of our Services to use your Contributions in any manner contemplated by our Services and these Terms.
- You have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in your Contributions to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of your Contributions in any manner contemplated by our Services and these Terms.
- Your Contributions are not false, inaccurate, or misleading.
- Your Contributions are not unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, pyramid schemes, chain letters, spam, mass mailings, or other forms of solicitation.
- Your Contributions are not obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, violent, harassing, libelous, slanderous, or otherwise objectionable (as determined by us).
- Your Contributions do not ridicule, mock, disparage, intimidate, or abuse anyone.
- Your Contributions are not used to harass or threaten (in the legal sense of those terms) any other person and to promote violence against a specific person or class of people.
- Your Contributions do not violate any applicable law, regulation, or rule.
- Your Contributions do not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party.
- Your Contributions do not violate any applicable law concerning child pornography, or otherwise intended to protect the health or well-being of minors.
- Your Contributions do not include any offensive comments that are connected to race, national origin, gender, sexual preference, or physical handicap.
- Your Contributions do not otherwise violate, or link to material that violates, any provision of these Terms, or any applicable law or regulation.

Any use of our Services in violation of the foregoing violates these Terms and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use our Services.

## 7. Contribution License

By posting your Contributions to any part of our Services or making Contributions accessible to our Services by linking your account from our Services to any of your third-party accounts, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to us an unrestricted, unlimited, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free, fully-paid, worldwide right, and license to host, use, copy, reproduce, disclose, publish, broadcast, retitle, archive, store, cache, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate, transmit, excerpt (in whole or in part), and distribute such Contributions for any purpose, and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such Contributions, and grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. The use and distribution may occur in any media formats and through any media channels.

This license will apply to any form, media, or technology now known or hereafter developed, and includes our use of your name, company name, and franchise name, as applicable, and any of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and personal and commercial images you provide. You waive all moral rights in your Contributions, and you warrant that moral rights have not otherwise been asserted in your Contributions.

We do not assert any ownership over your Contributions. You retain full ownership of all of your Contributions and any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with your Contributions. We are not liable for any statements or representations in your Contributions provided by you in any area on our Services. You are solely responsible for your Contributions to our Services and you expressly agree to exonerate us from any and all responsibility and to refrain from any legal action against us regarding your Contributions.

We have the right, in our sole and absolute discretion:

- to edit, redact, or otherwise change any Contributions;
- to re-categorize any Contributions to place them in more appropriate locations on our Services; and
- to pre-screen or delete any Contributions at any time and for any reason, without notice.

We have no obligation to monitor your Contributions.

## 8. Guidelines for Reviews

We may provide you areas on the Services to leave reviews or ratings. When posting a review, you must comply with the following criteria:

- you should have firsthand experience with the person/entity being reviewed;
- your reviews should not contain offensive profanity, or abusive, racist, offensive, or hateful language;
- your reviews should not contain discriminatory references based on religion, race, gender, national origin, age, marital status, sexual orientation, or disability;
- your reviews should not contain references to illegal activity;
- you should not be affiliated with competitors if posting negative reviews;
- you should not make any conclusions as to the legality of conduct;
- you may not post any false or misleading statements; and
- you may not organize a campaign encouraging others to post reviews, whether positive or negative.

We may accept, reject, or remove reviews in our sole discretion. We have absolutely no obligation to screen reviews or to delete reviews, even if anyone considers reviews objectionable or inaccurate. Reviews are not endorsed by us, and do not necessarily represent our opinions or the views of any of our affiliates or partners. We do not assume liability for any review or for any claims, liabilities, or losses resulting from any review. By posting a review, you hereby grant to us a perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid, assignable, and sublicensable right and license to reproduce, modify, translate, transmit by any means, display, perform, and/or distribute all content relating to review.

## 9. Third-Party Accounts

As part of the functionality of our Services, you may link your account with online accounts you have with third-party service providers (each such account, a "**Third-Party Account**") by either:

- providing your Third-Party Account login information through our Services; or
- allowing us to access your Third-Party Account, as is permitted under the applicable terms and conditions that govern your use of each Third-Party Account.

You represent and warrant that you are entitled to disclose your Third-Party Account login information to us and/or grant us access to your Third-Party Account, without breach by you of any of the terms and conditions that govern your use of the applicable Third-Party Account, and without obligating us to pay any fees or making us subject to any usage limitations imposed by the third-party service provider of the Third-Party Account. By granting us access to any Third-Party Accounts, you understand that (1) we may access, make available, and store (if applicable) any content that you have provided to and stored in your Third-Party Account (the "**Third-Party Content**") so that it is available on and through our Services via your account and (2) we may receive from your Third-Party Account additional information to the extent you are notified when you link your account with the Third-Party Account. Depending on the Third-Party Accounts you choose and subject to the privacy settings that you have set in such Third-Party Accounts, personally identifiable information that you post to your Third-Party Accounts may be available on and through your account on our Services. Please note that if a Third-Party Account or associated service becomes unavailable or our access to such Third-Party Account is terminated by the third-party service provider, then Third-Party Content may no longer be available on and through our Services.

PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH THE THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR THIRD-PARTY ACCOUNTS IS GOVERNED SOLELY BY YOUR AGREEMENT(S) WITH SUCH THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS. We make no effort to review any Third-Party Content for any purpose, including but not limited to, for accuracy, legality, or non-infringement, and we are not responsible for any Third-Party Content.

## 10. Third-Party Websites and Content

Our Services may contain (or you may be sent via the App) links to other websites ("**Third-Party Websites**") as well as articles, photographs, text, graphics, pictures, designs, music, sound, video, information, applications, software, and other content or items belonging to or originating from third parties ("**Third-Party Content**"). Such Third-Party Websites and Third-Party Content are not investigated, monitored, or checked for accuracy, appropriateness, or completeness by us, and we are not responsible for any Third-Party Websites accessed through our Services or any Third-Party Content posted on, available through, or installed from our Services, including the content, accuracy, offensiveness, opinions, reliability, privacy practices, or other policies of or contained in the Third-Party Websites or the Third-Party Content. Inclusion of, linking to, or permitting the use or installation of any Third-Party Websites or any Third-Party Content does not imply approval or endorsement thereof by us. If you decide to leave our Services and access the Third-Party Websites or to use or install any Third-Party Content, you do so at your own risk, and you should be aware these Terms no longer govern. You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any website to which you navigate from our Services or relating to any applications you use or install from our Services. Any purchases you make through Third-Party Websites will be through other websites and from other companies, and we take no responsibility whatsoever in relation to such purchases which are exclusively between you and the applicable third party. You agree and acknowledge that we do not endorse the products or services offered on Third-Party Websites and you shall hold us blameless from any harm caused by your purchase of such products or services. Additionally, you shall hold us blameless from any losses sustained by you or harm caused to you relating to or resulting in any way from any Third-Party Content or any contact with Third-Party Websites.

## 11. Service Management

We reserve the right, but not the obligation, to:

- monitor our Services for violations of these Terms;
- take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in our sole discretion, violates the law or these Terms, including without limitation, reporting such user to law enforcement authorities;
- in our sole discretion and without limitation, refuse, restrict access to, limit the availability of, or disable (to the extent technologically feasible) any of your Contributions or any portion thereof;
- in our sole discretion and without limitation, notice, or liability, to remove from our Services or otherwise disable all files and content that are excessive in size or are in any way burdensome to our systems; and
- otherwise manage our Services in a manner designed to protect our rights and property and to facilitate the proper functioning of our Services.

## 12. Privacy Policy

We care about data privacy and security. Please review our [Privacy Policy](/docs/getting-started/privacy). By using our Services, you agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these Terms. Please be advised our Services are hosted in Estonia. If you access our Services from any other region of the world with laws or other requirements governing personal data collection, use, or disclosure that differ from applicable laws in Estonia, then through your continued use of our Services, you are transferring your data to Estonia, and you expressly consent to have your data transferred to and processed in Estonia. Further, we do not knowingly accept, request, or solicit information from children or knowingly market to children. Therefore, in accordance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, if we receive actual knowledge that anyone under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us without the requisite and verifiable parental consent, we will delete that information from the Services as quickly as is reasonably practical.

## 13. Term and Termination

These Terms shall remain in full force and effect while you use our Services. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THESE TERMS, WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION AND WITHOUT NOTICE OR LIABILITY, DENY ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SERVICES (INCLUDING BLOCKING CERTAIN IP ADDRESSES), TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY REASON OR FOR NO REASON, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FOR BREACH OF ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR COVENANT CONTAINED IN THESE TERMS OR OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION. WE MAY TERMINATE YOUR USE OR PARTICIPATION IN OUR SERVICES OR DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT AND ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION THAT YOU POSTED AT ANY TIME, WITHOUT WARNING, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION.

If we terminate or suspend your account for any reason, you are prohibited from registering and creating a new account under your name, a fake or borrowed name, or the name of any third party, even if you may be acting on behalf of the third party. In addition to terminating or suspending your account, we reserve the right to take appropriate legal action, including without limitation pursuing civil, criminal, and injunctive redress.

## 14. Modifications and Interruptions

We reserve the right to change, modify, or remove the contents of our Services at any time or for any reason at our sole discretion without notice. However, we have no obligation to update any information on our Services. We will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of our Services.

We cannot guarantee our Services will be available at all times. We may experience hardware, software, or other problems or need to perform maintenance related to our Services, resulting in interruptions, delays, or errors. We reserve the right to change, revise, update, suspend, discontinue, or otherwise modify our Services at any time or for any reason without notice to you. You agree that we have no liability whatsoever for any loss, damage, or inconvenience caused by your inability to access or use our Services during any downtime or discontinuance of our Services. Nothing in these Terms will be construed to obligate us to maintain and support our Services or to supply any corrections, updates, or releases in connection therewith.

## 15. Governing Law

These Legal Terms are governed by and interpreted following the laws of Estonia, and the use of the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sales of Goods is expressly excluded. If your habitual residence is in the EU, and you are a consumer, you additionally possess the protection provided to you by obligatory provisions of the law in your country to residence. Hunters Lodge and yourself both agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Estonia, which means that you may make a claim to defend your consumer protection rights in regards to these Terms in Estonia, or in the EU country in which you reside.

## 16. Dispute Resolution

The European Commission provides an [online dispute resolution platform](https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr), which you can access. If you would like to bring this subject to our attention, please contact us.

## 17. Corrections

There may be information on our Services that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update the information on our Services at any time, without prior notice.

## 18. Disclaimer

OUR SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN AS-IS AND AS-AVAILABLE BASIS. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES AND YOUR USE THEREOF, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF OUR SERVICES' CONTENT AND WE WILL ASSUME NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (1) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT AND MATERIALS, (2) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SERVICES, (3) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (4) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SERVICES, (5) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (6) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT AND MATERIALS OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA OUR SERVICES. WE DO NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH OUR SERVICES, ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, OR ANY WEBSITE OR MOBILE APPLICATION FEATURED IN ANY OTHER ADVERTISING, AND WE WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND ANY THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE.

## 19. Limitations of Liability

IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFIT, LOST REVENUE, LOSS OF DATA, OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

## 20. Indemnification

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us harmless from and against any loss, damage, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses, made by any third party due to or arising out of:

- your Contributions;
- use of our Services;
- breach of these Terms;
- any breach of your representations and warranties set forth in these Terms;
- your violation of the rights of a third party, including but not limited to intellectual property rights; or
- any overt harmful act toward any other user of our Services with whom you connected via our Services.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate, at your expense, with our defense of such claims. We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action, or proceeding which is subject to this indemnification upon becoming aware of it.

## 21. User Data

We will maintain certain data that you transmit to our Services for the purpose of managing the performance of our Services, as well as data relating to your use of our Services. Although we perform regular routine backups of data, you are solely responsible for all data that you transmit or that relates to any activity you have undertaken using our Services. You agree that we shall have no liability to you for any loss or corruption of any such data, and you hereby waive any right of action against us arising from any such loss or corruption of such data.

## 22. Electronic Communications, Transactions, and Signatures

Visiting our Services, sending us emails, and completing online forms constitute electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic communications, and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications we provide to you electronically, via email and on our Services, satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing. YOU HEREBY AGREE TO THE USE OF ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES, CONTRACTS, AND OTHER RECORDS, AND TO ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF NOTICES AND POLICIES BY US OR VIA OUR SERVICES. You hereby waive any rights or requirements under any statutes, regulations, rules, ordinances, or other laws in any jurisdiction which require an original signature or delivery or retention of non-electronic records by any means other than electronic means.

## 23. California Users and Residents

If any complaint with us is not satisfactorily resolved, you can contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, California 95834 or by telephone at (800) 952-5210 or (916) 445-1254.

## 24. Miscellaneous

These Terms and any policies or operating rules posted by us on our Services or in respect to our Services constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and us. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms operate to the fullest extent permissible by law. We may assign any or all of our rights and obligations to others at any time. We shall not be responsible or liable for any loss, damage, delay, or failure to act caused by any cause beyond our reasonable control. If any provision or part of a provision of these Terms is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that provision or part of the provision is deemed severable from these Terms and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. There is no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship created between you and us as a result of these Terms or use of our Services. You agree that these Terms will not be construed against us by virtue of having drafted them. You hereby waive any and all defenses you may have based on the electronic form of these Terms and the lack of signing by the parties hereto to execute these Terms.

## 25. Contact Us

In order to resolve a complaint regarding our Services or to receive further information regarding use of our Services, please email us at <esto@hunterslodge.app>.
